Adding some small suggested changes to the release notes (#5942)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/release-notes/v2.10.md

- **Added a buffered logging implementation** that can be enabled through the `-log.buffered` CLI flag. This should reduce contention and resource usage under heavy usage patterns.
- **Improved the performance of the OTLP ingestion** and more detailed information was added to the traces in order to make troubleshooting problems easier.
- **Improved the performance of series matching in the store-gateway** by always including the `__name__` posting group causing a reduction in the number of object storage API calls.

> - **Improved the performance of _label values with matchers_** calls when number of matched series is small. If you're using Grafana to query Grafana Mimir, you'll need to be sure your [Prometheus data source configuration](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/prometheus/configure-prometheus-data-source/#performance) has the Prometheus type set to `Mimir` and the `Version` set correctly in order to benefit from this improvement.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Improved the performance of _label values with matchers_** calls when number of matched series is small. If you're using Grafana to query Grafana Mimir, you'll need to be sure your [Prometheus data source configuration](/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/prometheus/configure-prometheus-data-source/#performance) has the Prometheus type set to `Mimir` and the `Version` set correctly in order to benefit from this improvement.
```

- **Improved the performance of the OTLP ingestion** and more detailed information was added to the traces in order to make troubleshooting problems easier.
- **Improved the performance of series matching in the store-gateway** by always including the `__name__` posting group causing a reduction in the number of object storage API calls.

> - **Improved the performance of _label values with matchers_** calls when number of matched series is small. If you're using Grafana to query Grafana Mimir make sure you configure the right version in your Prometheus datasource configuration.

Author: What would the "right version" be? Can we just give a version number?

Author: I think this is the relevant PR:
https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/5600

Reviewer: I didn't want to reference the specific value of that configuration because it might change over time and get outdated here. Right the correct version there would be: `Mimir >2.3.0`, but who knows if in a week we release a datasource version which will have a `Mimir 2.10.0` option in that field.

Author: > Right the correct version there would be: Mimir >2.3.0, but who knows if in a week we release a datasource version which will have a Mimir 2.10.0 option in that field.

I'm confused... If we write "Mimir >2.3.0", isn't "Mimir 2.10.0" greater than 2.3, which would mean that making the statement >2.3.0 is perfectly fine? 

Maybe we could say 

If you're using Grafana to query Grafana Mimir, you'll need to be sure your [Prometheus data source configuration](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/prometheus/configure-prometheus-data-source/#performance) has the `Prometheus type` set to `Mimir` and the `Version` set correctly in order to benefit from this improvement.

Author: @colega let me know what you think!

> - **Improved the performance of _label values with matchers_** calls when number of matched series is small. If you're using Grafana to query Grafana Mimir make sure you configure the right version in your Prometheus datasource configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Improved the performance of _label values with matchers_** calls when number of matched series is small. If you're using Grafana to query Grafana Mimir, you'll need to be sure your [Prometheus data source configuration](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/prometheus/configure-prometheus-data-source/#performance) has the Prometheus type set to `Mimir` and the `Version` set correctly in order to benefit from this improvement.
```
